---
layout: daily
category: daily
date: 2025-08-25
tags: project hyperspeed, daily
published: true
---

# Time Flies

When you don't document your life, time slips away. It feels like just yesterday I recorded the last podcast on Web3TV. It almost seems like my podcast faded along with my youth. I guess that's why I'm here. It's time for me to start doing *something* consistently again. That last sentence felt a bit cringe as I typed it out. I see others pursuing their passions, and I can't help but think I could do it better. I miss the daily grind.

# What I've Been Up to Lately

This year, I've traveled more than ever before, moving almost as far across the lower 48 as physically possible—part of some divine plan, I suppose. I flew to Florida in December, then to Indianapolis shortly after, and eventually settled in Florida. I also made a trip back to Seattle, with at least two more planned before the year ends. Life feels different now. It doesn't matter where I am as long as I have internet access, a seed phrase, and a weekly check. I'm still bummed about some past decisions, but wealth has never felt closer.

My life changed when I bought my Milady. That led me to Remilio, where I minted around 18. At one point, my Remilio portfolio made up 99% of my assets. I dove into Fumo, but things have been illiquid and tough—not as bad as I feared, though. After tallying it up, I still hold about $20,000 in Remilio assets. I’m confident this will be huge within a few years. Right now, I'm focused on stacking more ETH and buying as much CULT as I can, aiming for that golden parachute at a $900 million valuation. As the second-largest liquidity coin on Ethereum, I believe it's one of the most exciting plays in crypto history.

## Projects

**All my projects can be found on my GitHub: [Cmoneycodes](https://github.com/Cmoneycodes)**

I created an ERC-404 bot that tracks mint events and posts them to Twitter.